Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Subtitles by explosiveskull
No!
I know you're coming.
And I'll be waiting.
So, being two decades on,
you finally know the
truth about your parents.
Yeah.
I mean like, I know it wasn't a
scarecrow.
I don't even know how I thought
that even just for a minute.
It's not uncommon for people
that experience traumatic
things to go into their psyche
and create
a fantasy to be able to cope
with it.
You were six years old,
you watched your parents
being brutally slain in your own
home.
You know, that's quite
awful to have to deal with.
So putting a mask on the
identity of the killer is,
is quite a normal
thing that people
do in those, in those
circumstances.
I just now think that
it's time for you
to move forward now,
which I think you have.
Yeah.
I mean, I just wanna
know who it was.
You know, like I can't
get it out of my head.
Do you still have
access to the family home?
Yep.
And who lives there now?
My brother Carl.
I don't think he ever moved on.
I think maybe you should go
back there.
How do you feel about that?
No, I couldn't.
If you're over this trauma,
and I thought that
we'd dealt with it.
We have dealt with it.
See, you just said we.
It's not we June,
this is your journey.
Only you are responsible,
and can take the action
into your recovery.
I can only take you so far.
But it's down to you.
You're right.
So what do you suggest?
I think you should
call your brother.
And what's this in aid of?
Hey Carl, it's nice to hear
your voice.
You too, sis.
Last time was what?
Christmas?
I know, I'm so sorry.
I've been terrible.
But I wanted to let you know
that, um,
I'm gonna come and
see you, tomorrow.
No, you're not to come here.
You know you're
not to come here.
Carl, come on, I mean
it's been 20 years,
I wanna be with you tomorrow.
And I wanna remember the good
things, not just how it ended.
It's been 20 years,
and he will rise again.
Carl, I thought we were past
this.
It wasn't a scarecrow,
it was probably a burglary
gone wrong or something.
We really have to face the
truth, we're not kids anymore.
I am, and it's about
time you did, too.
I knew you'd come back.
Carl?
Carl, I'm coming tomorrow, okay?
I don't care what you say.
I wanna be with you, I
wanna hang out with you.
It's not safe
for you here.
I've got to go.
Carl?
Come on!
Show yourself!
I see you.
Come on!
No, you don't have to come
with me.
Stop, I've been through
it all with you so far, so.
Come on, when?
Tomorrow morning.
Tomorrow morning?
Yeah.
I've gotta fix my hair
but, should be all right.
Stop it, you dork.
You don't have to have your
hair done for the farm.
Why not?
You dunno who could be there.
Give me a minute.
June speaking.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe he's dead.
Well, they said it was
suicide, do you believe there's
any reason to think that
it was anything else?
Well, they determined suicide,
but they found him
strung up in the barn.
June!
I've just heard, I am so sorry.
Oh, bless you.
You'll get through this,
all right?
We're gonna get
through this together,
- all right?
- Thank you.
All right.
Oh according to this, we should
of gone left way back there.
Jesus Christ, this place
is in the middle of nowhere!
Oh wait, pull over, pull over.
Ask that lady over there,
she might know where we are.
Hi.
Hey, hey love, are you able to
help us?
Yeah, what's up?
We're just
looking for directions
for the Old Creek Manor.
Old Creek Manor?
Why do you wanna
go to that place?
No one's been there in years.
The man that lives there.
Yeah, he got killed honey,
last night.
Yeah, we know.
Are you able to just give
us directions to the manor?
Right, you know some crazy
shit went on there, right?
People won't go out of these
woods,
that's why you probably
won't see any road signs but.
They say that the urban legends
are real,
the scarecrow actually kills
people.
You know what happened there
- about 20 years ago, right?
- Yeah, and
do you know the way?
Like I said, honey, you're
not gonna find any road signs.
People don't go out that
far since the murders, but,
keep going straight, right?
Straight through those woods.
Hit left, then, you
won't miss it, all right?
Thank you.
But I can't advice you enough.
Stay away from those woods for
your own safety, all right?
You okay?
Just ignore her.
Crazy lady.
June?
Yeah, I'm fine.
That's why I moved from here.
All these stupid legends
the locals make up.
Don't listen to her.
Right where he always left
them.
They're his.
Sorry.
It's okay, that's why we're
here.
We've gotta clean the place up.
It's been a long day.
Why don't we all just
get some rest, yeah?
Sure.
And, if you need anything,
you know where I am.
- All right.
- Thank you.
- Goodnight.
- Goodnight, Karen.
Do you wanna?
I'm not tired yet.
Come on.
20 years, huh?
Yeah, it's been 20 years
since I've been here.
You okay?
Yeah.
Chanel, I don't think it's
a good idea us being out here.
John, stop,
it's fucking cool, okay?
Some guys kills himself and
you think
being on his land is cool?
Well, you know the truth
about this land right?
I don't wanna hear
about no urban legends.
Come on, just hear me out,
please.
Right, this crazy bitch.
What about it?
Well, legend says that the
scarecrow
is on this land, right?
And his spirit remains on the
field waiting to walk again.
The catch with that, is that a
scarecrow
is created to ward off crows.
True, but the truth
also is that on this land,
centuries ago, there was a
man left out to die here.
And apparently the locals
caught him stealing,
and they found him doing
all sorts of fucked
up shit with animals.
So they just hung him up
and let the crows get him.
Yeah, okay.
Fine, don't believe me,
but it is real.
And his spirit does remain here.
Okay, you know what?
Follow me, come on.
You want proof?
Not really.
Come on, come on.
Come on.
Look, I know.
With everything that's
happened to you in the past,
with your parents, you
know it must be so hard.
And I can only comprehend
like a little bit
but I know that you must be
feeling so alone sometimes
and I just want you to know
that I'm there for you.
Thank you.
You don't have to thank
me, we're like family now.
I'm not going anywhere.
If you need me I'm just
across the doorway.
Thank you so much.
Don't thank me.
Night.
Goodnight.
Hold on.
Got it.
Wow.
Oh fuck, they cleaned it.
What?
Oh no, that suicide guy,
he put some
weird shit on the wall
about the scarecrow
that I wanted to show you.
Oh, right, well, shall we go
then?
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, stay.
Why?
Oh, if the scarecrow turns
up, that would be rather cool.
I don't think there's anything
thrilling
about a cold and creepy barn.
Don't you think it would be
hot if we make love in here?
Oh god, what are you doing?
Come on.
Don't you think that if
the scarecrow guy was here
that he'd show me a good time?
Oh, well he can have
you and I'll go safely.
Come on now, seriously.
But I'm horny.
Look, so am I but I don't
wanna do this.
Oh, what are you doing?
Come on.
Oh my god, stop.
Oh, fuck it.
I told you it'd be a thrill.
What the fuck are you on
about?
We need to go right now.
It's probably the scarecrow,
shall we go find him?
What do you think?
No.
Let's do it.
Come on.
Chanel, we need to leave.
I'm gonna go find the
scarecrow.
No.
Chanel!
Come out, come out, wherever
you are.
Chanel?
Oh god.
Oh, not the button.
Come on.
Chanel?
What?
My light's not working.
Then turn it on, then.
I'm trying.
Stop being a little bitch,
all right?
Can't.
Shut up.
Chanel, my light's not
working.
Fine, I'm gonna try and
turn the light on, all right?
Chanel?
Ow, ow.
June?
Girls?
Girls, the light's gone out.
June?
Oh, June, hi.
Um sorry, I.
Nancy said it would be a good
idea to start packing things,
but maybe it's too soon?
No.
No, it's fine, that's why we're
here.
Wow, it must be a
bit weird seeing
me with all your possessions.
Honestly it's fine.
You all right?
I just feel like I'm
leaving them behind.
Yeah.
I can understand that,
but it's really good you
know, for your progress.
Getting rid of everything,
clearing out the past.
It's probably what you need
to really move forward.
You're never leaving them
behind.
You know, if you ever want
them near you, your family,
all you have to do is close your
eyes
and imagine that they're
there in your mind,
that you can see them.
And if you do that, they're
with you, you can feel them.
I know that when my mother
died, god rest her soul.
That's what I used to do,
and still do, to keep her close
to me.
I close my eyes and I
imagine that she's there.
And she is, she really is.
You wanna give it a go?
Wow, my brother really
was a hoarder, wasn't he?
Well, I wasn't going to say
anything
but you really shoulda probably
binned
all this stuff years ago.
Do you know what this is?
It's a necklace?
No, it's a pendant and I
can use it to hypnotize you.
Oh, Karen.
Well, if you don't want
to, I won't, but hear me out.
There's a reason why people use
hypnosis,
it's because it works.
Sorry.
Keep going.
There's something wrong in
your mind,
there's something in there
that's trapped in your memories.
This is a way that I can go
in and talk to your psyche.
Get right inside there and
unlock whatever
that trauma is that's holding
you back.
It's perfectly safe.
We can stop anytime you want.
I've got a really good feeling
this
is gonna really help
you with your recovery.
Do you think it'll work?
I know it'll work.
Why don't we just give it a go?
It's not gonna harm you,
we can stop at any time.
You're not in any danger.
I just think we should
give it a go.
Okay, let's give it a go.
Okay.
Sorry, am I interrupting
something?
And what is up with this
fucked up lighting, girls?
Listen to my words.
Listen to my voice as
it washes over you.
Feel your eyes as they
start to get very heavy.
You're falling deeper.
And deeper.
And on the count of three.
One,
two,
three.
You're out.
June, where are you?
I'm in the barn.
And who's with you,
June?
My brother.
What are you doing
in the barn?
I'm looking
out the window.
Tell me what
can you see?
My mom.
She's telling me not
to come out.
She's telling me
to stay in here,
it's dangerous out there,
I'm scared.
He's bleeding.
Who's bleeding?
And my dad, he's there.
She's gone to get the
keys, and my dad's there.
He's bleeding.
He's cut.
He's got a cut on him.
He's bleeding, and my mom, she's
telling me not to come out.
Who else is there, June?
Tell me who else is there.
Oh, he's there!
- Tell me what he looks like.
- He's there, he's there.
Who is he, June?
I can hear the bell.
There's a bell, I can hear it.
Who is it?
It's a scarecrow.
He's there, he's coming for me.
- It's not a scarecrow, June.
- He's coming for me.
- Who is he?
- Tell me who it is.
- He's coming for me,
he's coming, he's coming, he's
going to kill me, it's him.
All right, June,
- snap out of it now.
- He's here.
Scarecrow, it's a scarecrow!
It's a scarecrow.
Wake her up.
Why is she not waking up?
It's a scarecrow,
it's a scarecrow!
June, snap out of it now,
June.
Back here, June.
June?
It's all right.
You all right?
Okay?
Yeah.
Who was it?
Who did I see?
You can say it.
Say what?
You think I'm crazy.
I don't think you're crazy.
I just told you the guy
that killed my parents
is a fucking scarecrow.
Doesn't get much more fucked up
than that.
I think you're being
too hard on yourself.
You had a really traumatic
time as a child and your brain
just doesn't want you to
relive that and who would?
I just wanna remember.
I want justice.
Flying rats with wings.
I hate crows.
It's like they heard me.
I think something scared them.
Right.
Show me where you grew up.
Okay.
Excuse me, can I help you?
Who are you?
Sorry, who are you?
Where's Carl?
Carl Summers?
Oh.
You haven't heard.
Heard?
I'm sorry, but Carl died.
Died?
Yeah, suicide.
Sorry to hear that.
Look, I'm Dean Rodge from
Cannings Farm just up the road.
My niece, Chanel, someone
said that they seen
her up here last night.
You seen her?
No.
No, I'm staying here with
Carl's sister and her friend.
We're here on our own.
There's no one else here.
Redhead, American.
You seen her?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I have seen her.
Yesterday, she.
She was along the track.
She pointed us in the right
direction of how to get here.
We asked her for directions.
So she was here?
No, she wasn't here.
She was over there.
When was this?
Midday?
No.
Last night they said
they seen her.
Last night, when she was
up here walking with her...
No, no.
No one was here last night.
Look, I'm just up the road.
If you see her you call me,
all right?
I'm getting worried.
Okay, bye.
How hippy was she with this?
She must be old.
I just call it vintage.
Old but gold.
Your brother ain't playing.
So you think you're definitely
gonna sell the place then?
Yeah.
I guess I don't really have an
option
with the memories and
everything.
I don't wanna be here, so yeah.
I reckon you could make
a good buck for it, though.
Look at this.
Shit.
The mystery of the 1978 killings
is still gripping the village.
Children claim to have seen
sightings of scarecrows
moving in the area.
No one knows what or where
these rumors started from
but there are rumors that
the scarecrow activity
has seen as far as Cheshunt.
The makings of an urban
legend are with the rumors
although each apparent
sighting of the murders
has a slightly different
look to it.
The 1958 murders at the Old
Manor blamed on scarecrows.
So, your parents bought the
manor knowing
that the murders had happened.
Yeah, but, it keeps
happening on the land.
Yeah, but it's like a house
in the middle of nowhere.
Of course there's gonna
be unexplained killings.
Every 20 years?
No, I just think your
brother would say anything
just to make his story viable.
Dunno.
Look, I've got something to
show you.
Come with me.
Where are you taking me?
I've got something to
show you.
Come on.
No, not interested
at all.
It's just a scarecrow.
I'm good here.
It's just a dummy.
Look.
It's a dummy.
Come on.
I'm all right.
Come on, look, it's
good
- for you to touch it.
- I'm okay!
I promise.
It's just made of hay.
Come on, touch it, come on.
Okay.
Yep, yep, all good.
Got it, cool.
- It's hay.
- June.
I believe you.
Come on, it's time
to face your fears.
Come on.
It's for the birds.
I believe you.
Good!
Let's go.
Come on.
As your friend
right now, do it.
Oh god.
Okay.
Yep.
All righty.
See, I trusted you.
Get outta here!
Oh my god, these dates.
It happens every 20 years.
Couldn't sleep?
Was that you?
What?
The bell?
No.
What bell?
Don't worry about it.
I've got a sneaky
bottle of wine in my case.
Do you want to come and
join me for a drink?
Sure.
I mean, I like.
There is so much stuff
written about it all.
I don't understand how
it wouldn't make sense.
It doesn't make
sense for it not.
Why would people keep
writing about this stuff?
I don't want you to
think that I'm crazy.
Actually, don't worry about it.
June, you don't think
that all the years
I've been doing this that
I've heard far crazier stories
than the things that
you're saying?
Why don't you just
tell me what it is.
I found these sketches
that my brother saved.
And it triggered some
kind of memory?
They're of the scarecrow.
Look.
Doesn't it look familiar?
Well.
They're exactly the same.
Perhaps, but.
They match.
Yes, but that could
just be a coincidence.
A coi-, a coincidence
that every 20 years someone
on this land dies or gets
murdered or?
Like.
Don't tell me that you
came back here
to just try and find this
scarecrow.
Look.
I just feel like there is.
How can it.
There's so much stuff.
I don't think it was a good
idea you coming back here
and I think I've misled
you somehow.
I think you made so much
progress and being here
has just like sent
you back a bit.
You being back here, I
don't think it's helped.
You were making so much progress
and now I feel that it's
just pushed you backwards.
This sketch of the scarecrow,
it is exactly what I remember.
June.
All scarecrows look alike.
You must think that I'm crazy.
June, I don't think
you're crazy,
but I think your
brother being here,
it's stopped him being
able to move forwards
and I think that you
coming back here
seriously has hampered your
progression in your recovery.
I think I've mislead you.
I don't think we
should've come back here...
Listen to this.
"It's said that a scarecrow
returns each 20 years
"after a terrible crime
which took place in the 1800s
"where a man was brutally
strung up by the locals
"in the fields of Belgrave.
"A man died, cursing
the town to rise again
"which he later then
did two decades later.
"Murders on the land,
sightings of a scarecrow.
"No way to stop it, but the
two days in which it stalks
"the lands to allow his soul to
roam."
I mean, I think that's why
my brother was staying here.
He wanted to get it
once and for all.
This is real.
So you're trying' to
tell me that the two days
that the scarecrow
rises are now?
Really?
My parents were murdered
20 years ago today.
So.
Right, that's it.
I've had enough.
Come on, you're coming with me.
I've got an idea.
Come.
Right, June, come with me.
Come on.
I know exactly what
I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna fix you.
Karen.
You need to face your fears.
Take a look at this.
What do you see?
Karen, I don't want to.
A scarecrow, yeah?
A scarecrow.
Nothing alive about it.
There's nothing there
that's gonna hurt you.
It's not dangerous.
It's just a big lump of straw,
that's it.
Do you get it now?
Do you get it in your head?
I don't like this at all,
Karen.
All right, I'll tell
you what we're gonna do.
We're gonna unmask your killer.
Let's unmask him and
see what he looks like.
Hey guys, what are you
guys doing out so late?
I'm trying to show
June that the scarecrow,
this fear that she has for
him, is totally unfounded.
It's just something, a
figment of her imagination.
It's got to stop.
There is nothing scary
about this.
There's not.
It's not real.
I know what we'll do.
We'll unmask the killer.
Are you ready?
Let's see what is behind
the mask once and for all.
On the count of three.
One.
Two.
Three!
Oh my god!
It's.
It's that girl.
What's that?
What?
Who's there?
Show yourself!
Somebody's messing
about with us.
I see what we're gonna do.
We can all go back
and still run for it.
All right?
- Okay.
- Yes.
On the count of three.
One.
Two.
Three!
Run, run run!
What the hell just happened?
Come on, Karen, you
saw it with your eyes.
I don't know what I saw.
It was just an animal or
something.
It wasn't an animal.
An animal?
Oh my god.
My brother was right,
this land is cursed.
Please tell me you
saw what I saw.
Well, whatever it was we
need to get hell out of here.
Does anyone have a
mobile phone or anything?
Mobile phone?
No one's got any signal
anywhere out here, anyway.
Okay, well go.
Go go go.
Fuck.
Fucking phone's out.
I don't know what
we're gonna do.
I gotta think.
Think, think, think.
I got it.
Tell you what we're gonna do.
I'm gonna go and the car,
I'm gonna drive
to the next town,
there's gotta be one nearby.
I'm gonna raise the alarm,
get them to come back
and send help for you.
Back?
No, you're not going
out there on your own
with that thing there.
No.
Don't know what the
fuck else to do, June.
We can't just sit here and
wait for it to come and get us.
That thing.
Thing?
You saw it, didn't you?
Please tell me that you saw it.
Yeah.
So my brother was right.
The curse of the scarecrow,
it's real.
Yeah, it's real.
What are we gonna do?
I don't know.
But I tell you what,
I'm not gonna sit here
and wait for that
thing to come back.
We're gonna fight it, we're
gonna stay up all night,
we're gonna survive.
We just have to
survive the night.
I need to show you something.
We have to clean
that thing up, come on.
Oh god.
Ah.
I need some tissue.
It's fine.
Ow.
I've got something
to show you.
Okay, there has to
be something here.
There's gotta be
something in here,
there has to be
something in here.
Otherwise why would
he keep them?
Okay, so this all the
stuff my brother kept.
All they say it.
What is this?
It's all his research, but,
there's gotta be something
in here for it to tie in.
But these dates,
they go back for years.
They're the same.
They go back hundreds
of years.
Every 20 years people
go missing, they die.
They disappear.
Or they say that they've seen.
That they've seen it.
The scarecrow.
Look.
It's not a coincidence,
it can't be.
It can't be.
But these are in
all different areas.
It's everywhere.
There could be hundreds of them.
Oh my god.
June, all of these people.
You think there's more
of them out there?
June, I don't know what
the fuck to believe anymore.
It's okay, it's fine,
I understand.
Have you seen him?
Have you seen anything?
No, nothing.
I can't stay here, I'm
gonna go and get some help.
What, no you're not going.
I've worked it out.
I'm gonna go over
there to your car,
I'm gonna drive
to the next village,
I'm gonna raise the
alarm and then I'm
gonna come back and
rescue you two.
All right?
Then we're coming with you.
Oh, no you're not.
You stay here where you're safe.
All right, wish me luck.
- Karen.
- Karen, Karen.
Karen, be careful.
Come on, come on.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
Why isn't she going?
Karen, behind you!
Karen, run!
What?
I dunno, stab him in the hay?
- I just...
- What?
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, I just thought
it was an urban legend.
No, it's okay, it's okay.
I would never of
believed me either.
We really shouldn't of let
Karen run out there on her own.
Come on.
What do we do?
What?
The gun.
A gun?
I found it in
your brother's barn.
Okay.
A gun.
Yeah, the gun in your
brother's barn.
I'll be quick.
Nancy, are you serious?
No fucking way.
Listen.
I'm gonna go.
It's not happening.
You're not going.
- And if you hear anything
- No.
And I mean anything,
you shout as loud
as you can.
You just saw what
happened to Karen.
It is out there, it is alive.
You're not going.
No, I can't lose you, too.
You won't, I promise.
I've got a weapon.
I'm gonna upgrade this bitch.
Besides, they set
after Karen anyway.
June?
June, I've dropped the knife!
Help me!
Oh, thank god.
Can you try to help me?
You're the woman from
the Summers' place.
What is it, what's going on?
You will never believe me.
If any of us still smoked,
I woulda set fire to you,
you bag of shit.
It's the curse of the
scarecrow.
What, you know about this?
We all do, everyone in
the town knows the legend.
It's real?
It is.
Hey, where are you taking me?
I told you to take me
where there's a phone.
We're going backwards.
We're going the way to the farm.
Hey.
I said where are you taking me?
Take me back there!
I am.
Stop the car!
Stop the car now!
I'm getting out.
Let me get out.
Nancy.
Where are you?
Nance?
Nancy?
June!
This man, this man is a local.
He was supposed to
take me for help
but he's brought me back here.
Oh god.
Don't fucking move.
What's going on?
It's got my niece.
Where is she?
Your niece, oh.
She's dead.
He killed her.
Where is she?
She's dead.
We found her body.
Mister.
We've gotta get out of here,
okay?
We've gotta get out of here.
He can't be stopped.
We can't stop them
until the sun rises.
What do you mean?
This won't be over until
the 48 hour reign is finished.
We've got two hours
till sunrise.
This is the curse of the
scarecrow.
Behind you.
He's behind you.
Karen.
June, run.
Run!
Wait.
Karen, he's coming.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, please, no, no, please.
Please, I am just like you,
okay?
I am just like you.
I know what happened
with the locals.
Okay.
I know what happened
with the locals
many many many years ago.
I know they strung you out
and they starved you, okay?
I know all about that, okay?
Okay.
I am just like you.
I'm exactly like you.
I would never, I would
never do that, okay?
I know that they starved you.
I know that they tortured you.
That you didn't eat
anything, so I understand.
Okay, I'm so sorry.
Okay.
I am so sorry, I'm sorry,
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I am so sorry that
happened to you.
I am so sorry, I am so sorry.
I am so sorry.
Okay.
Karen!
Are you okay?
Where there's smoke,
there's fire.
How you feeling' now?
Now that it's all done,
it's all over.
No one's gonna believe us.
No one has to.
So what do we do?
We just wait for the next 20
years and he's gonna come back?
Yeah.
We'll be ready for them then.
Are you all right?
Yeah.
Can you wait one minute?
June!
The souls of the
victims are trapped.
They are cursed to suffer the
same fate as the scarecrow.
Oh my god.
There are more of them.
June!
Karen.
No!
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org